https://codepen.io/corgipower/pen/wvKBzgL?editors=1100

1. What is Semantic HTML? 
	Using the most meaningful tags
    2. What is HTML used for? 
	Providing structure to a web page layout
    3. What is an attribute and where do we put it?
	 It provides or modifies the functionality of the tag and goes in the opening tag after the element
    4. What is the h1 tag used for? How many times should I use it on a page?
	For the main heading on a page, and should only be used once per page
    5. Name two tags that have required attributes
	select and input
    6. What do we put in the head of our HTML document?
	Meta information, links to css files, links to js files, site title 
    7. What is an id?
	It's a unique identifier that can be specifically linked to in html, as well as can be used by CSS and JS
    8. What elements can I add an id to? 
	Every element can have an id
    9. How many times can I use the same id on a page? 
	Once
    10. What is a class? 
	Class is an attribute that will apply the same style rules to all elements with that class
    11. What elements can I add a class to? 
	Every element can have a class
    12. How many times can I use the same class on a page? 
	As many as you want
    13. How do I get my link to open in a new tab?
	Use target="_blank" in the a tag
    14. What is the alt attribute in the image tag used for? 
	To provide text information about the image for SEO and screen readers and browsers that don't show images
    15. How do I reference an id?
	#id
    16. What is the difference between a section and a div
	section is more semantic than div, but otherwise they function the same way
    17. What is CSS used for? 
	To provide the style information
    18. How to we select an element? Example - every h2 on the page
	h2 { }
    19. What is the difference between a class and an id? - Give me an example of when I might use each one
	Each ID value can only be used once per page, class can be used multiple times.
	ID would be used when you want to link to that section on the page.
	Class would be used when you want to provide style, and especially if you want to provide the same style repeatedly
    20. How do we select classes in CSS?
	.class
    21. How do we select a p element with a single class of “human””?
	.human p { }
    22. What is a parent child selector? When would this be useful? 
	parent > child
	Children are nested elements within the parent element
	This is useful for providing more specificity
    23. How do you select all links within a div with the class of sidebar?
	div.sidebar > a
    24. What is a pseudo selector?
	It specifies the state of the element
    25. What do we use the change the spacing between lines?
	line-height
    26. What do we use to change the spacing between letters?
	letter-spacing
    27. What do we use to to change everything to CAPITALS? lowercase? Capitalize?
	text-transform: uppercase;
    28. How do I add a 1px border around my div that is dotted and black?
	border: 1px dotted black;
    29. How do I select everything on the page? 
	* { }
    30. How do I write a comment in CSS?
	/*comment*/
    31. How do I find out what file I am in, when I am using the command line? 
	pwd
    32. Using the command line - how do I see a list of files/folders in my current folder?
	ls
    33. How do I remove a file via the command line? Why do I have to be careful with this?
	rm path/to/file.ext
	Because it'll be permanently gone. 
    34. Why should I use version control? 
	So you can go back to previous saves.
    35. How often should I commit to github?
	When you've finished a section of code, and when you're taking a break or finished for the day
    36. What is the command we would use to push our repo up to github? 
	git push
    37. Walk me through Lambda's git flow. 
	1. Fork the repo
	2. Add TL as collaborator
	3. cd to folder on computer where the project will be
	4. clone the repo (making sure it's your fork)
	5. cd into project folder
	6. checkout branch
	7. work on project, add and commit as needed
	8. push to github
	9. pull request (button on github)
	10 add TL as reviewer
Stretch Questions

    1. What is the difference between an inline element and a block element?
	Block elements start on a new line and inline elements do not.
    2. What happens when an element is positioned absolutely?
	Where on the page it's positioned is relative to the nearest positioned ancestor. 
    3. How do I make an element take up only the amount of space it needs but also have the ability to give it a width? 
	display: inline-block;
    4. Name 3 elements that are diplay block by default, 2 elements that are display inline by default and 1 element that is display inline-block by default
	block:
		section
		h1-h6
		nav
	inline
		a
		span
	inline-block
		button?
    5. In your own words, explain the box model. What is the fix for the box model?
	The box model is that a box surrounds each element in HTML. This box includes content, padding, margin and borders and can alter the actual size of the element in undesirable ways.
	This can be fixed by using box-sizing: border-box;
